feat: support for maven toolchains (#5571)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/maven/maven-configure-project.md

    </build>
    ```

### Set JDK version

> Kotlin supports [Maven Toolchains](https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-using-toolchains.html) that help manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin supports [Maven Toolchains](https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-using-toolchains.html) that help you manage
```

the JDK version in your build.

> When the `maven-toolchains-plugin` is configured in the build, you can specify the JDK version used for Kotlin compilation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure the `maven-toolchains-plugin` in your build, you can specify the JDK version used for Kotlin compilation,
```
Is it correct that we have to configure the plugin ourselves?

independent of the JVM version running Maven (set in the `JAVA_HOME` path). The Kotlin Maven plugin then automatically picks up
the selected JDK toolchain.

> This allows you to configure a single toolchain to control the JDK used across all plugins in the build, including Kotlin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to configure a single toolchain that controls the JDK used across all plugins in the build, including Kotlin
```

compilation. For example:

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
    <artifactId>maven-toolchains-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>3.2.0</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>toolchain</goal>
            </goals>
        </execution>
    </executions>
    <configuration>
        <toolchains>
            <jdk>
                <version>21</version>
            </jdk>
        </toolchains>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
```

Keep in mind the priority of different ways to set up the JDK version:

```Mermaid
graph TD
    A["<b>Priority 1</b><br/>jdkHome option of the kotlin-maven-plugin"]
    B["<b>Priority 2</b><br/>JDK version set in the <br/>maven-toolchains-plugin"]
    C["<b>Priority 3</b><br/>JAVA_HOME version"]

    A --> B
    B --> C
```

> * JDK version set in the `jdkHome` option of the `kotlin-maven-plugin` configuration always takes precedence over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The JDK version set in the `jdkHome` option of the `kotlin-maven-plugin` configuration always takes precedence over
```

   the toolchain version.

> * JDK version in the `maven-toolchains-plugin` overrides the JDK version set in the `JAVA_HOME` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The JDK version in the `maven-toolchains-plugin` overrides the JDK version set in the `JAVA_HOME` path.
```

You can also use a plugin-specific `<jdkToolchain>` option to directly set the JDK version in the toolchain of the
`kotlin-maven-plugin`. Compared to using the `maven-toolchains-plugin`, this parameter only affects Kotlin compilation
and has no impact on other plugins in the build.

> Currently, setting `maven-toolchains-plugin` to use a specific JDK version does not affect the `kapt` and `test-kapt`
> goals of the `kotlin-maven-plugin`. To work around this, set the necessary version in the `JAVA_HOME` path.

> > For more details, see [KT-79897](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-79897).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
